It is so that Jehovah's Zeuge as a religious community in Germany is aware that it is on its open mission.
However, it is also aware that there is a lot of advantage against this religious community, which is one of the causes for it.
It was that it was a bit of a danger that led to the emergence of Jehovah's Zeuge as a community open mission.
It took quite a long time, through several instances.
This experience, through the stories, and through which all the arguments were brought forward,
the only things that were brought forward were against the Jehovah's Zeuge.
It showed that the consequences were ungrateful.
That is to say, today it is so lucky that I have to say that the fact that it is true is true and that it is true through the Parliament.
In Germany, in any case, that the Jehovah's Zeuge is a religious community that is represented by the great church.
It is so that in Germany, in the presence of extremism, there must not be a real war.
I can only say that with extremism in Russia, in Germany, you would understand that with political intentions, violence and violence,
that the state of power is motivated by the political intentions.
If that is the term of extremism, then I think that with the Jehovah's Zeuge,
that it is only a movement to pull, because it is known that the Jehovah's Zeuge does not follow political goals and in the future,
so I can say that from the German situation, there is probably no greater criminality rate than the Jehovah's Zeuge in Germany.
Yes, of course, there is, at the Jehovah's Zeuge, a certain moral representation,
that in comparison to the German society, there are a lot of fears.
So fear is a sexual moral, for example, or a conservative family picture,
but I do not know how to describe it as extremist.
I cannot imagine that a church that makes all information to a certain extent,
to a decision could come, that the Jehovah's Zeuge as extremist or in some way,
would be politically dangerous.
In the past, there is also the Russian government,
I do not know if the possibility to stand up to the government.
But I think that it is certainly legitimate and true,
that one of our side, as I do now, also information about love,
that it is, at the Jehovah's Zeuge, something we all know,
not to be politically agitated by the religious community,
and that it is, in any case, always only dictators were there,
like the Nazis in Germany, where the Jehovah's Zeuge were forbidden.
And I do not think that Russia is today a dictator.